Welcome to the LunarROMCorruptor!

Here is a guide on how this corruptor works:

1. Select or drag and drop the ROM you want to corrupt.
2. Change the intensity of the corruption using the Corruption Intensity slider on the "File Corruption Menu" tab.
3. Change the corruption engine by selecting the desired engine from the corruption engine dropdown menu.
4. Click the "Corrupt" button to start the corruption.

And here are the individual features that are present in LunarROMCorruptor:

When you have found the perfect corruption, you can use both the File Save and the Stash Save features. File save copies the corrupted file and stores it in the "Saves" directory.
Stash files saves the address of the changed byte and what the byte value is now. Which takes up less file size. Also using the stash editor, if you find that a certain corruption changes the color of Mario, you can remove bytes one at a time until you find the corrupted byte that causes it, then you can go nuts with that byte. (Similar to how the Stash Saves and Editor works on the Windows Glitch Harvester)

Corrupt Every Nth Byte allows for a more "regular" corruption. (e.g. corrupt every 1st byte corrupts the entire file). Intensity allows for a more randomized corruption by selecting random addresses to corrupt.

Here are the individual engines in the corruptor:


Nightmare Engine:

A simple, yet effective way of corrupting files, with three corruption modes: RANDOM, RANDOMTILT and TILT.

	-RANDOM

	The selected byte gets set with a random value of 0 to 255

	-RANDOMTILT

	The selected byte gets set with a random value of 0 to 255 or a user specified value gets added/subtracted from the byte.

	-TILT

	The selected byte will have its value added or subtracted by a user specified value. (e.g. 255 - 3, 242 + 1)

Merge Engine

An engine that copies bytes from one file to the other to create corruption (For example, 'merging' bytes between the Super Mario Bros. ROM with Donkey Kong's ROM).

Logic Engine

An engine that uses bitwise/logical operations on two selected bytes.

Lerp Engine

An engine that takes the 2 neighbouring bytes where the selected byte is and corrupts the selected byte by using linear interpolation (e.g. 0 21 100 would become 0 50 100 if the Lerp Setting was set to 0.5)

Misc

    With more engines and settings to play around with, the more interesting results you can get with the engines.
    Allows drag and drop. No need to search for the file you want to corrupt.
    Can run an emulator after corruption.
    Audible feedback when corruption is done.
